hey everybody welcome back general de
Lyon please binding of issac entereth
plus yesterday's daily was I mean not
very exciting the whole scheme of things
but you got to watch a young man slowly
lose his mind
something something I'm not a young man
anymore pivot that into a joke about him
being soldier 69 and it's actually an
old version of Josh and wrap it up for
the punchline okay today's daily we are
Isaac we're going to Sheol which means
we're going to go to the Delirium fight
top-score 59,000 30th place 46,000 so
those give you the balance for the upper
floors upper force you for the top 30
the front page there you go upper floors
is not how you describe that yesterday
became 198 with a 2.48 percent overall
finish not bad actually considering that
we did we died on yet we did die against
delirium is that correct I can't
remember anyway now that run went all
the way I'm now wistfully thinking back
yesterday with all my well my troubles
didn't seem so far away yesterday if
anytime hoping that we're moving past
whatever you know mercurial troubles
might exist in that song it came out in
like 1960 you didn't see that you didn't
see that let's go
alright good start here so far myth
isn't 17 seconds we're almost opened the
game it is not a curse of the blind on
the first floor it's not a curse of the
labyrinth so we can just go straight to
that boss fight we want you can also
reroll that but the leech is pretty good
I'm hoping oh yeah I mean obviously you
just take that but I'm a hoping we get a
little bit of a bounce-back daily like a
daily that's actually very very strong
or at least decently strong as a result
of the fact that yesterday's it was
really that experimental treatment that
cost us I remember that vividly go from
like a a 10 rate of fire which is
average maybe even slightly below
average depending on what point of the
game you're at to a 15 rate of fire
without your your actual damage dad
changing that much that's going to be a
problem so we did find ourselves a
little all we didn't get to the hodge
fight that was the that was the great
fail
you're on yesterday's run now I remember
okay you know what heart
don't flatter yourself by moving away
from me I don't need you sure I lost the
heart on this floor at first I was
afraid I was petrified thinking how am I
going to live without you by my side but
then I spent so many nights wondering
how you did me wrong and I grew strong
[Applause]
it is apparently learning new things
every day thanks to the stats screen
shot speed up thanks to stem cells
technically makes it better than
breakfast or dinner whichever one of the
HP upgrades that actually worth was
whichever one of the HP upgrades it
actually were I don't know how deep we
want to go on that play right now should
let leach do as much of the damage as
possible to weak enemies because it
gives almost watch right no got hit by
one of the random bullets that's alright
I smell a recovery in our future we'll
go back here we got plenty of time
don't don't despair yet this is still
far from being over or even really that
bad although losing 64 percent chance of
getting a deal with the devil on this
floor is kind of garbage just hoping to
get like anything okay I mean it's not
really my man but that's fine alright
five cents that's good we'll stay there
for now that's a bummer I just kind of
shot the fires we shouldn't been hit on
that room to begin with but but shot the
fire would have given me slightly more
real estate with which to dodge around
slash through
might have found ourselves in a slightly
safer position we're hoping for rooms
with more flies wounds that was really
good range upgrade is largely
meaningless but I got to think about
what we're going to do with our key here
if we don't get any more keys so leech
you eat them get me back to full HP so I
can go back to that blood bag okay now
we have two keys and we can do whatever
we want in here you could probably make
a case for battery baby even if we end
up not let the penny behind here even if
we end up not going with the v6 maybe
even especially if we end up not going
with the v6 we can make something work
there and I can't remember if battery
baby gives us an instant charge or not
because if it gives us an instant
charger I might want to re-roll sworn
protector it's good but it's not good
enough to get particularly you know
thrilled about its existence so good a
tattoo HP as usual just leave ourselves
with enough of a buffer on other runs
I'd probably go a little bit deeper than
that but I'm going to choose to
normalize did that to the tune of but
take on me by uh aha
aha aha how do you say that either way
like I don't know why I chose to go that
low I don't know why I chose to to go
that low look I'm not a great singer I
acknowledge this in a big way dude leach
is crushing it right now thank you so
much we got no problems except for the
whole deal with the devil thing but
that's okay it's actually charged baby
and ellas not battery baby common
misconception ok valid I should know
that at this point look at that that is
enough money to keep me in the money
honey if you got the time because this
seems like it's going to be a longer
Daly then well you know at least those
ones in which it goes to Mom's foot and
then I make a mistake and don't actually
get to pick it up in there get the seem
to get beyond there I'm gonna play the
blood bank just a little bit more here
because we can and you know we can use
the money to maybe supplement our low
consumable gain here
uh not really actually I'm just going to
give the money to Bumbo I wish he
wouldn't eat lucky pennies because now
I'm just like yeah there we go seven
luck upgrades thrown thrown away which
is probably not even close to valid but
that's you know the way my brains
working right now that's what I want
more of these because I want if we can
get bumble like max leveled super
quickly or at least like a high level
super quickly that puts us in a pretty
good spot now he's going to sell that
was not what I should have done there
but you're going to start spitting out
bombs I think so we got to be careful
dude the leech is saving my life and
times right now okay these are for you
bum buh bum buh probably was not the
right call like I might have been better
off just sticking with please don't blow
these guys up right now I might have
been better off just sticking with Zen
max level I think this is a max level
bubble now I might even better off just
sticking with the fly but if we can get
a max level bubble that starts to chew
up bosses it should pay for itself
pretty quickly so that's what I'm hoping
for here we don't need to buy anything
else maybe I'll get the card just to see
how it goes and the chariot admittedly
has some good stuff going along with it
not to mention we're still ahead of
schedule year but I'm I'm concerned
about the fact that we're ahead of
schedule here so Bumbo should just
absolutely tear this guy out didn't get
a deal with the devil Faire honestly
didn't deserve a deal with the devil I
think it's fair to suggest we got a verb
pill which gives us a second range
upgrade I'm going to head down I'm going
to keep the chariot card
am i happy with the reroll is little
Steven into polydactyl why not you know
it's deep pockets and generally speaking
I think the runes are probably more
valuable or like runes and cards are
probably more valuable on a run like
this especially when like you know if we
want to fight delirium we're going to
need like double algae's or something
like that so we're going to we're going
to need some help is what I'm getting
that I mean it's nice for the battery I
mean we could share
into getting a bomb and a key here don't
really want to do that I'm almost
wondering if like if you're this isn't
like your bachelor's thesis in Isaac but
this could be like your PhD thesis and
Isaac on a run like this do you think
it's sensible to try to respawn hear me
out here cuz it's going to be a little
bit of a leap to try to respawn into the
lost via missing poster so that you
can't conceivably have a damage penalty
that goes up beyond what it is right now
you know what I mean
you might be saying no and I think
that's that's a failure of my
explanation if we become the lost we get
holy mantle if we get holy mantle that
means the only damage penalty we can
take is when we actually die so if we
manage to win the run it will negate any
damage that we took that holy mantle
managed to block so again it's one of
those things probably a little bit cute
but not necessarily sound but I don't
know we'll uh
we'll bring it up and then ask smarter
people to empirically analyze it and
then never talk about it again that that
tends to be the way these things go
that's perfect
now this floor this floor is a big deal
we still have the opportunity to get a
deal with the devil we need to do what
we didn't do on the last floor which is
avoid taking red hard damage before we
managed to get a spirit heart spirit
hearts have not been easy to come by
thus far freakin corn flies man got me
freaking out here help um they they
should give me a key on this floor I
mean it's only right that they give us a
key you know I'm doing my part not
taking too much stupid damage I only
been hit once played the blood bank a
lot didn't get any plays or didn't get
any payoffs out of that I should say
payoffs
there's our spirit heart okay now I'm no
longer sad but I think I'm kind of
almost being shoehorned here into this
situation where I have to
the chariot card to get a key in a bomb
and then we'd use the key to go to the
item room
we got another key okay we might as well
go to the item room first now I can save
the cherry cards there might be an off
chance we can get another they could
just take it it's not much damage but
it's it's some and it's kind of like
beggars can't be choosers right now we
can save our cherry car to hopefully use
it on the next floor to pick up a sound
deal with the devil but we'll see really
like we're crushing these bosses and
that's a result of the fact that we
played enough of that blood bank to make
Bumbo pop so I'm happy about that but oh
did we did we do the thing I hate that
we don't want that and we probably don't
want HP either I'm just going to go back
and try to re-roll it into into some
form of DPS or is our utility item as
well we'll be fine but do we do the
thing I hate which is where I
accidentally like mr. Magoo myself and
having the best possible daily that you
can conceive of a okay yeah that's
exactly what we're looking for head down
and what I mean by that is simply we
skipped the old the devil because we
were bad and got hit and then we got
bridgestone so I'm thinking we're
actually extremely well equipped and
this is not where I expected to be now
again it's always possible and by always
possible I mean it's either possible or
impossible but I don't know the answer
because I'm not living a double life
like Gwyneth Paltrow in the sliding
doors here I think we got super lucky
there that that we did not get hit by
the bomb but take the pill hematemesis
basically irrelevant it gave us exactly
as much as it took uh but it's entirely
possible that everybody who got the
second floor deal with the devil also
we've gotten the third one maybe the
goat head was on there maybe you just
you know it's preordained basically
whether or not you will get that deal
with the devil the the chance of getting
it on the sand screen indicates the
chance like statically if that makes
sense it's not like it's a real time
thirty-three point seven five percent
roll right now
for example it means that like when it
rolled there was a thirty 3.75 percent
chance but everybody doing the seed has
the same chance applied to them I
believe at least on dailies anyway where
is this riveting mathematical analysis
leading I don't know okay to give you
the honest answer to that question
however all I'm getting at right now is
that I'm I'm pleased with where we're at
and we might have cheated the system dry
babies really good but am I really going
to take a bunch of items that are like
like I'm taking a lot of bees is what
I'm getting at here and it's not like
the meme where you take the letter B
emoji and you put it in words that don't
actually have a bee in them I just like
I'm getting very kids these days but I
don't understand the deep fried means I
see them there was that one that was
like hey I'd like some food please and
then the guy said there's no food and he
said understandable have a good day and
he drove off I mean it's like a sedan
Thai humor thing but I just said I don't
understand it back in my day we were
talking about you know who's on first no
soap radio and stuff like that now kids
these days with their avant-garde comedy
then comedy bang Bang's and the you know
talking tangs I don't know what they're
what they're do I don't know what the
punchline is I feel like I'm the one
getting punched belly button that's two
trinkets I mean obviously we're going
for the guppy dream okay maybe like
don't get hit again good walk there I
have to be honest good walk I think
we're just going to take this having two
trinkets is actually really really nice
even if neither of them are that useful
right now and then of course we're
stoked that we got there we got sin
robes because now our damage has come up
a little bit and we will pay to go into
the cursor we'll pay our own HP to go
into the cursor room I'm fine with that
oh hello the game perhaps was crashed no
it's back baby okay sometimes that
happens you know how dogs is and all
that just my cheatengine interfacing
with it don't worry so what are we going
to do with black room
usually I mean especially with brimstone
we've already got great stats right
sorry we benefit from having great stats
we've already got all the kind of items
we need we can just improve our damage
and rate of fire we're like set its
hoping that be there would be bombs our
key sadly was not so actually we're kind
of like we're out can't open anything
else and our score is like below where
it should be I've taken a little bit
more damage that I'm pleased to admit
especially walking on the spikes was
just idiotic but save our bomb head down
to the next floor basically on schedule
reward yourself with a little caffeine
here we are biological machines a little
bit of that hopefully dials me in a
little bit here because I think I
shouldn't let it slip by me that we have
gotten extremely lucky over the course
of this run so far to not be punished
and in fact potentially to be rewarded
for missing that second floor deal with
the devil I mean I really I've railed on
that in the past this is just like in
the first x-men movie where there's that
one senator and he's being like a real
you know dick to everybody we don't need
a was it was actually doesn't do
anything for us okay I mean that's what
I wanted to see is like a black market
basically and it is a black market see
now the x-men analogy is going to have
to wait for a second here honestly dude
you chose like the worst possible
battlefield there so we actually just
don't need deep pockets deep pockets is
actually it just does nothing for us
because we already have polydactyl
they're they're redundant if you have
the other we'll take the HP and then
we're going to probably use the chariot
card here but we're going to first go
down to one half red heart chariot card
could be more valuable then we get gimpy
out of it dang dude okay and then I
think I only want one of these but I
want BFF deep pockets doesn't do
anything for us and black rune doesn't
either a car battery starter dead
you know none of these none of these
really Popoff we already have again it's
kind of like a redundant situation we
already have what we need from these so
we'll just move on here deep pockets
gimpy really good pickups really really
good pickups just need to make sure that
we're moving at a reasonable clip here
BFF is going to be exceptional for us
I'm really I was thinking like having a
max level bumbo is something I don't
think I've ever had especially with BFF
for the Delirium fight and then combine
that with the fact that our range is
excellent I feel like we're very well
equipped to handle a hush fighting and a
delirium fight now the real question
here that you should be asking yourself
you're not already is why is this moron
holding the chariot card instead of
holding the emperor card that can
actually grant him access to the thing
that enables him to get all the points
later in the game and the simple answer
to that question is because I'm if you
ask me how I know I'm going to have to
plead the fifth
that's what Will Smith said in the song
Miami the theme song for the city Miami
and I'm going to continue to get all my
legal advice from that no that's mine he
got it but Dave he ate a nickel and he
spit out a Lucky Penny that's not a bad
trade all things considered we do want
to go to our shop in our item room which
is why I'm skirting around here and
trying to go a little faster but yeah
that's um the reason is because I think
we should be able to make boss rush
regardless and that's probably a bad
reason to chance it but it's what I'm
going to do I don't believe that a mimic
can have red chest items in it but
admittedly I very rarely do anything
with these mimics here so I wouldn't
necessarily know okay so we're going to
like diplopia and it's a pretty cheap
set of consumables along with the fanny
pack and then we're going to reroll and
there's blank card black rune of course
and you know that
that's interesting but just going to
stay away from that for now because I
don't have time to think about it blank
are black rune is great actually great
you know what where's our battery charge
it's one room away we kind of go just
the slightest bit faster I would kill
for a speed upgrade but you have to
reroll that a minor just it's just got
to be done and it's not even worth
placing the bomb and waiting for it so
I'm just going to get down here to the
boss fight hopefully we can leave this
floor before like 17 minutes and I had
30 seconds and we'll feel better about
our chances of making boss rush we can
kill enemies easily just a matter of
finding the room alright
you can also invalidate all of our
concerns by walking back for the emperor
card but now it's a matter of principle
so that's really really nice it helps
our rate if it basically just took 33
percent off of our tier delight which it
doesn't sound that amazing but trust me
as an adult you get excited about
percentages like that you ever wonder
why that Geico commercial took off you
know 15 minutes could save you 15% or
more on your car insurance that's not a
paid spot I don't even think we have
Geico in Canada because 15% is a lot you
know I live in British Columbia Canada
we have one like that we have like a
weird this is a strange room by the way
we have like a weird pseudo monopoly
it's like the government provides auto
insurance you're free to buy auto
insurance from whatever provider you
want but that provider has to buy it
from the government so you know it's
like you can't really shop around maybe
it's a good thing because it ensures a
certain level of service but at the same
time you're like well I gotta buy it
directly from the government or I could
I'll take it two tiers upgrade so and
knock-back doesn't matter oh my god such
a minor tiers upgrade but like I could
buy it directly from the government or I
could pay somebody else to buy it
directly from the government for me that
doesn't seem not in neither of you seem
like necessarily consumer forward ideas
but then you say NL but don't you have
to buy your health insurance from the
government and I'm like well technically
I suppose that's also correct and we get
into a whole it's a whole thing
who knows so I'll take blue map and I'll
take PhD which gives us a perks pill
which is good but not what we want
PhD I just like so that all pills for
the rest of the game are good in case
that's not obvious I don't want to
invalidate the fact that we have you
know runes and cards well knock-back
actually works with brimstone which is
bad we didn't want that but I didn't
realize that you can actually apply a
knock-back effect over in stone laser
until just now so the Hermit card does
give us a way out of the boss fight boss
rush I should I should say which means
that we probably should take that
instead of the chariot and we made it
the reason we take the Hermit is so that
we can easily go to this boss fight
right away and not feel like we're
missing out on too much of the floor if
we have to go back or want to go back we
can great great bomb bumbo you almost
got him better luck next time really
looking for damage just got to be honest
with you really looking for damage no
Krampus please it's Krampus he's going
to die in no time flat there's actually
nothing to be concerned about gave us
lump of coal I think it's a flat damage
bonus but that might have been pre
rebirth okay we have the soul great item
do you 100 okay I mean yeah parasite
okay I mean I think you just take the
soul but I'll admit you know when you're
looking at for stat upgrades or possibly
of the 100 you're thinking to yourself
there's some good stuff going on here
actually you're thinking to yourself
it's gonna be a long long time until the
Zane returns to Isaac it's not that's
not a rhyme that works in the song no no
he's in northern land
does anyone I mean statistically
probably but with anyone there for that
stream of players the players on known
battlegrounds where I very ignorant Lee
said that Elton John is the most famous
singer that has the least famous songs
and then Austin is like what about tiny
dancer I was like well of course
tiny dancer he's like okay what about
Rocket Man Saturday Night's Alright for
fighting and I was like yeah no you got
me there those are big ones what about
candle in the wind and Ken on the wind
1997 you know it's like okay you got me
on those ones I'm beginning to see your
point you say what about the entire Lion
King soundtrack and I said you know what
daddy said what about Crocodile Rock and
your song and I said well you know what
you've made a good point here Austin my
original comment was from a place of
ignorance I think that's clear in
hindsight I what do we you said what
about Benny and the Jets and then into
response to that I just said Benny I
have some conversational regrets I got
nothing against Elton John actually is
one of those artists where you know if
an Elton John song comes on the radio
I'm like sick Elton John this is a
classic for some reason I just blanked
on the fact that he's like one of the
most prolific artists of the last 40
years and you know what that's why I
bring it up here well you know if you
can't handle me in my thirst you don't
deserve me in my friends
now this is normally the part where the
run starts to drag a little bit and then
I go well the rums good but it's not
that good but I'm going to mix it up
today I see the room is great but it's
not that great
the real problem right now is the lack
of capital D damage gins to say that our
rate of fire is actually very good for
having brimstone but we're pretty light
in the where are you ha there yeah we're
pretty light in the in the damage
category BFF along with max level
bumbles helping that out brimstone with
lump of coal I think is helping it out
but I'm not totally sure to be honest
with you and we got plenty of
opportunities to make it work here now
are we going to hit 50,000 or even in
the 40s on today's run I actually think
the 40's are conceivable I think we have
been maybe an outside shot but a shot
nonetheless at like a top 50 rank today
and I say that because we're a little
bit under our points like where we'd
expect to be points wise maybe we're
about where we'd expect to be points
wise but we're on the up-and-up like the
derivative of our points has gone way up
the rate of change is is positive for us
right now I think you just you have to
reroll tractor beam oh ok
smart reroll we will move along now yeah
we will move along now you might be
saying obvious Hermant car but that's
not the right play we need to make hush
which is my way of saying everybody shut
up we need to make hush everybody quiet
we need to make hush so the last you
know the crown jewel of a very
successful run that doesn't have a whole
lot of damage associated with it
although now our damage is actually 9
which with brimstone it might as well be
900 but you know to continue with like
my earlier listen I can see forever pill
anyway what I was going to say is Guffey
and there it is so we're just going to
go full permanent Polaroid miscibility
and then reroll it at our earliest
convenience I don't know I mean it's not
a tough call but it's like what I'd
rather have the chariot for another I
can see forever pills well they both
have like genuine reasons to be excited
about them the chariot is a little bit
more of like a forward-facing item like
that's something that benefits us a
great deal when it comes to either the
hush fight or you might as well at this
point either the hush fight or the the
delirium fight and I will do the
delirium fight especially now with our
damage popping off and I'll even I'll do
you one better I'll do the delirium
fight and I'll do it without being
self-righteous about the fact that I'm
doing it which would be you know at
first for the first time ever uh we're
just going to keep reroll in the d7 is
playing battery charges in here but we
might as well wait until we have a full
charge to take advantage of them and
we'll be happy campers as a result I
think it's almost inconceivable that we
don't make bias rush or that we don't
like the hush fight at this point unless
we get a little mired in stuff that
doesn't matter like you know let's go
play the blood bank twenty thousand
times which don't think matters too much
euthanasia also unlikely to matter that
much but I you know I'm a sucker for
spun I'll take anything that gives me a
beat on spun in like any situation also
I think that it works with brimstone and
like once every ten damage takes you'll
get like a damage tick that does ten
times the amount of damage which is the
statement that I literally believe in
although it came out with too many tends
to sound cogent from you know a normal
person so I'm in this weird position and
I'm not complaining it's quite the
opposite I don't know I've never done
the opposite of complaining so I don't
know if there's a word in the English
language for it I'm sending my
compliments to the chef
of today's run but we don't really in my
opinion and in not in a self-hating way
but for missing that first floor deal
with the devil or second floor deal with
the devil we don't really deserve to be
this stack and yet here we are so I
don't know if we're beating the system
or if we're just inline with the system
and we got caught by a safety net or
something like that but either way I'm
quite happy about it I will take a speed
upgrade that also comes with a pill that
basically has to be good pheromones
burp and something's wrong we'll just
take with verb we can close it on
bookworm but I don't care and similarly
I don't think we have the goat head I
talked about the goat head on this room
but I don't think we have it I'd rather
have two spirit hearts and then even a
burp pill so let's get the heck out of
here we're trying to get to 40,000 it
would be nice I mean we it would be nice
to have some HP or the chariot card to
go play this but I stand by the hero
font play I think that's a smart thing I
our next play like the easiest way for
us to get like max value out of what we
got going on right now is probably to
use the black rune on the main room of
the Blue Room
I mean it depends the spawn room of the
Blue Room I would say the main room is
probably where you fight hush in
hindsight but we can use the black room
there on consumables that we aren't
really super happy about it may be an
item or to die statistical benefit
pretty soon I mean the black rune is
genuinely like my favorite new addition
to the game we probably want that over
either of these but it will take it over
missing posters but the thing is it's
almost in like
got a try right it's almost in the
credit card territory for me which
basically means like use it as soon as
you get a chance but the high value
plays with it like boss rush are so good
rune bag is great rune bag is genuinely
amazing I'm starting to realize that we
probably passed up a chance for maybe we
could take continuum which is not
continuum but you know is continuum
reskin oh holy Mabel calls us not to get
hit there but I got to see what we got I
think no we should take it because the
endless nameless gives us the chance to
get where'd it go
gives us the chance to get consumables
back after we use them which is really
good with yera and black room so there's
a good case to be made here you know
what I've decided we're actually going
to go faster I was looking at the secret
room and then I looked at the time and I
said to myself self
maybe you should speed this one up a
little bit we're actually going to be
completely fine till touchdown brings me
back again to find we don't want to
black runes ii-era blank rune blank room
is back on oh that's fine Yara blank
rune blank rune I don't know what that
one is
doesn't matter Yara we're just going to
stick with the era black room that's I
think that's exactly what we want right
now we might want two years but we're in
the vicinity of what we want blank room
so a wazoo be careful down to the hush
fight guerra blank room you're a black
room that's over wanna be okay okay okay
got a lot of moving pieces here you know
we can old two trinkets we can old two
cards that's not a lot of moving pieces
you know four moving pieces but you get
the idea I don't know if we can summon I
might as well take all this up but I
don't know if we can summon pennies what
do you got for me here
I don't know if we can summon pennies
with brimstone so we might black rune or
reroll this this is basically like a
doubled item room now in here this this
strikes me as a reroll opportunity
though we might be getting closer to
Beelzebub little brim is take about we
could probably force Beelzebub but I
think a little brim is worth more and
then the stopwatch is grapes and the
pill has to be I was going to say at
least good to probably re-roll these you
probably buy a battery charge and
re-roll again static tears probably do
nothing halitosis doesn't do much I'm
going to black ruin these up like in
general it's reroll these first yeah I'm
pretty sure the static tears aren't
going to do anything for us but it might
give us a cool to your effect let's
let's take it I thought it might give us
a cool ring around our tears or
something
it didn't okay we're going to black room
now give us a pretty nice upgrade
actually why black ruin that well if the
goat head is actually completely
irrelevant like we gained nothing out of
the go head being on this run at this
point because we're going to go straight
to the Delirium floor after this so what
are our odds of hitting like 40,000 and
pretty low I'm being from being straight
up with you the odds are not great
40,000 actually is plausible but like
46,000 which you would need to get hit
the front page fairly unlikely might
seem like this is going very slow and
you wouldn't be wrong but we do also
have made maybe like 30 flies stored up
30 flies x 2 x 10.4 7 you know you can
start to see the damage stack up pretty
nicely there
once they actually agro if they actually
agro I think we're going to end up with
a solid score today but if you're
watching this and you're like you know
what the heck I did this daily first
often you're in the minority although
there is a healthy daily community like
I mean we can do the math I came like
two hundredths yesterday and that was in
the top two percent there's like 20,000
people doing these dailies every day
just kind of amazing it might seem like
the daily community has fallen off a
little bit but 20,000 people putting in
basically an hour a day although not
everybody's daily is an hour long but
let's say let's say 20 doesn't be
putting in like a half hour daily to do
these on average every day that's
amazing anyway I forgot completely like
what I was going to say the point is you
might be watching this and going I did
this daily and I didn't get brimstone
what the heck you know Niccolo bread
mint
well sometimes to the lose or go the
spoils
it's really the the lesson today is that
you can do everything right and still
get screwed on the daily sometimes rest
assured you know today you tomorrow me
it's happened to me on some occasions
you're like oh why is it this daily suck
oh it turns out well you were supposed
to do a skip the second floor deal with
the devil and then you get brimstone and
a guppy transformation immediately
that's part of the thrill and part of
the annoyance to be honest with you get
a per throw room so at 35,000 I think
you just have 35,000 when you go down to
the next floor - hmm that's not correct
we have 40,000 46 is still probably add
doesn't really matter 46 is probably
still outside of the realm of likelihood
but I wouldn't say it's impossible now
we haven't taken damage in a long long
time and we've taken maybe like a little
from curse rooms we haven't taken a hit
in a long long time even like our last
curse room we had a holy mantle
pop lock upgrade and not stoked that I
lost the key but oh my god he's done it
three luck upgrades from a single luck
upgrade that's where something like
endless nameless comes in handy here we
never they care about having a charge
for our boss fight I think so how do we
maximize our points I say the same thing
every time
well I say two things when we're on this
floor the first is you maximize your
points by not fighting delirium but I'm
not going to do that and you maximize
your points by not taking damage and I'm
probably not going to do that either but
for different reasons sack of sacks is
lovely the an easy way to eke out some
extra points on this run definitely
would have been to roll the blank card
and I'm not going to frame this I mean
this could be delirium algae's runes
please blows I'm not going to frame this
like I'm self-righteous for not taking
blank card blank card is a really fun
item and it probably would have provided
us we need the algae's rune since we
need algae's you might as well / throw
this get the halo but you lose
invincibility I don't think we can
afford to do it and we like definitely
not for that there's more battery
charges out here but yeah blank card
would have been fun and beyond that it's
also like no extras there doubtlessly
the right choice especially considering
we had like blank card algae's as well
you know we could have blank carded
maybe gotten a battery charge on the
fight blank card it again and then used
algae's and been completely fine but
we're still I mean we're talking about
very very minor things now they could
have a semi major impact on the run but
I think we should be pretty proud of
today's daily not because we made you
know we're not richard dreyfuss we got a
bunch of mashed potatoes we're sculpting
a mountain out of them you know yes
Close Encounters of the Third Kind
reference great film
however the the reason I'm happy with
today's daily is because we got great
items and we made the most of them you
know we didn't just we didn't squander
it I guess and that's you got to give
credit where credit is due because
things get squandered sometimes you know
you ever see a child actor make like a
million dollars when you're 12 years old
it can mess you up
you get brimstone on the third floor you
can start playing like an idiot it
happens so I guess our dream is that we
pop algae's I'm just going to pop it
right away and then algae's gets popped
again not popped again but we get
another algae's from endless nameless
that didn't work and that's completely
okay dude look at the brimstone lump of
coal damage did you see that I mean I've
always thought not always that that's
just a lie I have known or at least I've
been told many times that brimstone love
of coal does some amazing work but to
see it on a big room like this I think
really drives the point home of course
the first the farther away we stand the
less likely we are to land our our flies
Oh okay so we beat the lyrium without
getting hit as far as I'm concerned that
means we're ahead of the curve here
although it maybe cost us some time we
should still be very happy so
essentially the rest of the floor is
just about maybe like don't pick up any
items we're already killing everything
easily only pick up items if they give
you an ability to get more points and we
may actually be able to be you know we
can anewhopeee this one the good guys
can win blood bombs is not what we
HP is obviously not what we want there's
a battery charge back here no it's
battery baby
it's just enormous 46,000 is not going
to happen but we could be looking at I
would say top 100 today not without
question but very very likely we finish
top 100 today top 50 is within reason
again the best way to guarantee that
would just be extremely sick don't get
it
oh I think we got saved by the fact that
it was a small bomb fly otherwise you
might have taken a hit there so the gods
is actually really useful because it
allows us to recover from getting hit
once from a consumable standpoint we got
another two gods so it's even better
what are you yera I don't know I'm kind
of hoping to yell like a 2 of something
but at that at this point it isn't
relevant anymore
basically perks also not relevant burp
is not really relevant either and
crickets head don't don't waste any
tears for crickets head it's a fantastic
item a we don't need it and B we already
have a damage multiplier so I always get
excited about all crickets ed and then I
already have magic motion if it isn't as
helpful as you think you're a font also
good but we can't pick up the
consumables so I don't know what I'm
blowing up tinted rocks for I guess I'm
hoping to find smaller rock no I guess
I'm hoping to find a golden chest that
just gives me consumables so we would
probably wouldn't even take smaller Rock
at this point now there is a great
trinket there we can't fight mega say
there is no mega satan down here I don't
even know if we should bother like
re-rolling I also don't know if I'd
prefer maybe to have the the holy mantle
trinket two curved horn like the holy
mantle trinket I think is amazing
but admittedly endless nameless I think
is like is a higher upper bound for us
so momma mega you might be able to make
a case for this in terms of like the
speed at which you would help us get
through this run but same with
toothpicks honestly so we have yarid the
guys the guys the guys stick with Guerra
de gAHS I guess we're still getting
points as long as we're still getting
points we're going to be we're going to
be happy about this
it might not look like it but don't let
it fool you I think except for the
second floor this is one of the best
dailies we've ever played like we we
have played the some of the best that
we've ever played on this dailies what I
mean to suggest here
sure we got brimstone sure we missed one
guaranteed deal with the devil apart
from that we have dialed it in like
sincerely dialed it in I think if we get
chest we should double the air not a red
chest because it's unlikely to give us
the consumables we want but if we get a
if we get any other kind of I mean I'd
rather be a golden chest if you're going
to force my hand okay this is what we
want I'm going to yari era and I want
mad consumables out of this we should
open these just in case there's another
Yaris um I guess if there wasn't in the
first one there won't be in any of the
other ones good and we got four items
out of it there's something hilarious
about that because I actually don't want
any items and we got four of them but we
roll them all and we're still looking
for it I mean quick bombs might give you
five bombs this is the lamest way to get
points but it's basically what we have
to do so I'm going to do it we might get
five bombs out of quick bombs and that
could give us another few points
pheromones per throw per throat I got
excited but then I realized I basically
have unlimited reroll
is I don't think we should use it there
is I mean we shouldn't use it there it's
just it's sensible to not we I'm
actually thinking we're going to be
front page today and I don't want to
toot our own horn I'm just saying fast
bombs was like a hundred point game so
that's cool
none of this matters none of that
matters are basically just looking for
anything they can give us consumables
this hurts me deep in my soul like I'm
reroll IM saying i don't even want to
think about all the items that have rear
old there that could save or losing run
that i have later and all i'm going to
do is think back today remember when you
rear old literally capricorn ipecac
monstros long 2020 like all within 10
seconds of one another yeah I do
remember that we're making sacrifices
here for it for a chance at greatness
we're done with the floor except for one
boss fight so we should go should go
tackle dead I know I mean what do you do
with those guys I think you choose not
to play them because you're going to
give up consumables suit still useless
still useless after all these years so
we're going to go might as well again I
mean we shouldn't spend too much time
doing this because we're losing some
points not many but some and I'd rather
not but grab this crack it open grab
some more consumables grab some more
consumables you got the gate he's dead
we're done how many points flies we
can't take but room Yara per throat
magic eight-ball gives us a consumable
but I don't think it's worth it and we
got it if we're gonna try to maximize
this is very simple you go up here
there's three items you roll nothing
there gives us points to the best of my
memory then this is the end of this
daily one way or the other we're going
to grab this and we're going to see what
we can get out of this reroll does not
give us points I'm completely okay with
it
which one of these was delirium though
that's so that's the real question I
think it's the bottom and then to the
right
so rate today's daily a plus great
potential for growth maybe only because
I'm bad but hey got the job done right
that doesn't give us points I just had
to check you know same with that alright
let's go finish 28 as far as I'm
concerned no complaints there for now
thanks for watching hope you guys have
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe if you want to see more
in the future for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time